[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Where we left
off yesterday, testing.
So specifically wanted to leave off for
testing because I was telling Mark
yesterday, you don't want to start with
testing because then people you set the
tone, people will get bored of testing.
So you got to end with it.
All right, and you give them the option
that they want to stick with it or not,
because it's the end.
So I'm glad everybody who stuck around
to do the testing did it, because if you
didn't go through that you'd probably have
a hard time trying to figure out how to
test the stuff that you've been learning
the entire workshop, which is not fun.
I can tell you that.
So before we move on,
were there any questions that might have
come up yesterday that you just forgot
to ask or didn't get the chance to ask?
Anybody have any of those questions
before we move on to other stuff?
>> Speaker 2: There was one question
online that maybe would really help to
clarify so,
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: John M was wondering
>> Speaker 2: Why we
needed to have an exclude for
node modules in our web pack loader,
when we're passing Gulp
client as the entry point.
So his understanding is that we
should just be scanning client for
JavaScript files and that we don't
necessarily need to exclude node modules.
>> Scott Moss: Right, and
he's exactly right, half of that.
So we are only scanning the client files,
but
if we go look at the client files,
all right.
If we go look at the client files,
>> Scott Moss: And
we just go look in app.js,
the first file that we wrote Boom!
import angular from 'angular'; that
comes from the old modules, right.
So yeah,
we are scanning the client files, but
the client files
are imported node modules.
So that's why we have to
exclude those paths from
being used to babble code,
any other questions?
>> Speaker 3: That's an awesome
explanation, thank you.
>> Speaker 4: Mocha verses Chai.
Chai is an assertion library,
that's what you said?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
Mocha is a testing framework and
Chai is an assertion library.
Because Mocha doesn't have one
built in like Jasmine does.
So Jasmine and Mocha, the syntax is
synonymous, but Jasmine is the full thing.
It has, it's the testing framework.
It has an insertion library built in,
it has like mocking capabilities built in.
Mocha is just a testing framework,
that's it.
And Chai is everything else
that Mocha didn't have.
And there are other ones out there,
expect JS and
all type of other insertion libraries.
So I just chose those two.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 5: Yeah, I got a question.
When you're gonna test, first off,
I don't understand why there is
such a stigma around testing.
I think it's good thing to do.
But when you're testing for
directives, let's say, for example,
I work on a UI framework
that's used in translating.
And where we recreate a bunch of HTML,
like a button for example.
Would you test behavior that would be like
an Angular directive and
you click to make sure that
that's passed through to the template or-
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: You would test?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so
those type of directories are UI based
type of directives that have dom events.
Yeah, you totally have to test
the behavior on those things.
>> Speaker 5: What would you test
specifically that Angular, I don't know.
Let me rethink the question and
I'll ask you later.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, okay, cool.